docs: update docs for minikube registry auth (#3986)
garden-io/garden: docs/k8s-plugins/local-k8s/install.md

minikube start --vm-driver=<your vm driver>  # e.g. hyperkit on macOS
```

> In order to authenticate minikube with an image registry such as ECR, the `registry-creds` addon must be enabled. In order to do this, follow these steps:

Author: I understand your point. I know that at the moment we are using it for development purposes and I would have thought the same with others that have private images, however yes agree that you could also tell users about the official minikube docs. 

As you feel is best though.

> In order to authenticate minikube with an image registry such as ECR, the `registry-creds` addon must be enabled. In order to do this, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Makes sense, thinking about it again, if you are using minikube in a team there are benefits to using an external registry.

Another garden-native approach would be to configure container registries in Garden: https://docs.garden.io/kubernetes-plugins/remote-k8s/configure-registry

But that requires a few more steps than using Minikube 🤔 

Maybe let's arrive at a middle ground, here's my suggestion:
```suggestion
If you are working in a team and need to use an external registry, you can [configure Garden with an external image registry](https://docs.garden.io/kubernetes-plugins/remote-k8s/configure-registry) such as ECR. Alternatively, you can enable Minikube's `registry-creds` addon, by following these steps:
```

> In order to authenticate minikube with an image registry such as ECR, the `registry-creds` addon must be enabled. In order to do this, follow these steps:

Author: OK sounds good, I used minikube for a simple get started project, rather than configuring and modifying the existing registry (as we already have one set up) however both ways work :)
